capital = 43

oob = "HUN_1936"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.7
set_war_support = 0.6

add_ideas = {
	HUN_fortress_hungary
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1

	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}


set_popularities = {
	conservatism_ideology = 9
	fascism = 0
	neutrality = 4
	communism = 87
}

#Start Horty as neutral if DOD
recruit_character = HUN_miklos_horthy
recruit_character = HUN_matyas_rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_arpad_szakasits
recruit_character = HUN_geza_lakatos
recruit_character = HUN_ivan_hindy
recruit_character = HUN_karoly_beregfy
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_veress
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_feketehalmyczeydner
recruit_character = HUN_istvan_szechenyi
recruit_character = HUN_francois_deak
recruit_character = HUN_gyorgy_jendrassik
recruit_character = HUN_jeno_ratz
recruit_character = HUN_henrik_werth
recruit_character = HUN_hugo_sonyi
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_szombathelyi
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_jany
recruit_character = HUN_dezso_laszlo
recruit_character = HUN_reszo_kastner
recruit_character = HUN_shvoy_kalman
recruit_character = HUN_sandor_magyarossy
recruit_character = HUN_bela_rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_kalman_kanya
recruit_character = HUN_jozsef_szell
recruit_character = HUN_vilmos_roder
recruit_character = HUN_zoltan_tildy
recruit_character = HUN_laszlo_rajk
recruit_character = HUN_kalman_daranyi
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_remenyi_schneller
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_gratz
recruit_character = HUN_gyula_gombos_de_jakfa
recruit_character = HUN_otto_von_habsburg
recruit_character = HUN_franz_friedrich

set_autonomy = {
		target = TRA
		autonomous_state = autonomy_integrated_puppet
	}
set_autonomy = {
		target = SLO
		autonomous_state = autonomy_integrated_puppet
	}