capital = 111

oob = "FIN_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "FIN_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "FIN_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = FIN_risto_heikki_ryti
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_aaltonen
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_annala
recruit_character = FIN_kyosti_kallio
recruit_character = FIN_carl_mannerheim
recruit_character = FIN_erik_heinrichs
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_petter_nenonen
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_arho
recruit_character = FIN_valio_porvari
recruit_character = FIN_jarl_lundqvist
recruit_character = FIN_hugo_osterman
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_malmberg
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_sarko
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_valve
recruit_character = FIN_akseli_anttila
recruit_character = FIN_harald_ohquist
recruit_character = FIN_eero_rahola
recruit_character = FIN_karl_oesch
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_tiainen
recruit_character = FIN_ralf_torngren
recruit_character = FIN_antti_hackzell
recruit_character = FIN_ake_henrik_gartz


add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1			
	interwar_antiair = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
}



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1933.7.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 10
	fascism = 10
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 79
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Region Under Development"
	desc = "look away, this region's under development"
	picture = GFX_portrait_better_placeholder
	expire = "1984.4.2"
	ideology = under_development_communism	
	traits = {
		
	}
}


add_ideas = {
	sisu
}
